README.md, before:

# Hi there 👋, I'm Brycen

<br>
<img src="https://komarev.com/ghpvc/?username=BrycensRanch" alt="Brycen's Profile Views" />

I'm a teenager from Florida that **loves** programming and experiencing new things. Looking towards the future, starting the grind to become a Software Engineer. Learning full stack.

It all started from a simple Discord bot and me being a cheapskate, lol. Look at me now!

## Key fundamentals & thoughts

- All projects should have a README.md and be well documented.
- README-driven development is key to having a well-planned out project.
- `npm install` **never** killed anybody
- It's okay to break things! I learned this from being a Minecraft SMP server owner for a year, I was usually the reason the server was down. 😎
- I should probably learn test-driven development already...

<img src="https://res.cloudinary.com/practicaldev/image/fetch/s--OoBLh7-Q--/c_limit%2Cf_auto%2Cfl_progressive%2Cq_auto%2Cw_880/https://cdn-images-1.medium.com/max/1614/1%2A8BlqJ8lNVZzuRjAg1mZ50w.png" height="400"/>

<h4>Languages and tools</h4>
<p>
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/node.js%20-%2343853D.svg?&style=for-the-badge&logo=node.js&logoColor=white" alt="Node.js" />
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/javascript%20-%23323330.svg?&style=for-the-badge&logo=javascript&logoColor=%23F7DF1E" alt="JavaScript" />
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/typescript%20-%23323330.svg?&style=for-the-badge&logo=typescript&logoColor=#3467eb" alt="TypeScript" />
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/sqlite3%20-%23323330.svg?&style=for-the-badge&logo=sqlite&logoColor=#3467eb" alt="SQLite3" />
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Next.JS%20-%23323330.svg?&style=for-the-badge&logo=next.js&logoColor=#3467eb" alt="NextJS" />
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Prisma%20-%23323330.svg?&style=for-the-badge&logo=prisma&logoColor=#3467eb" alt="Prisma" />
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/bootstrap%20-%23323330.svg?&style=for-the-badge&logo=bootstrap" alt="Bootstrap" />
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/jquery%20-%23323330.svg?&style=for-the-badge&logo=jquery" alt="JQuery" />
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/css3%20-%23323330.svg?&style=for-the-badge&logo=css3" alt="CSS3" />
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/git%20-%23323330.svg?&style=for-the-badge&logo=git" alt="Git" />
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/github%20-%23323330.svg?&style=for-the-badge&logo=github" alt="GitHub" />
</p>

### I'm currently hoping to learn

- Java, Minecraft, IBM, and so much more...
- React Native/Flutter, I believe these technologies are amazing, and key to landing a job in Software Engineering.
- Tauri, so I can build cool desktop applications!

 I'm currently looking to collaborate with others looking to become Software Engineers, if you have any suggestions on how to find people just like me, [leave an issue](https://github.com/BrycensRanch/BrycensRanch/issues/new) on my GitHub repository.

### Certifications

- Currently, none! Unless you count the hour of code I did in Elementary. 🤣
- Trust me bro certified

<a href="https://github.com/anuraghazra/github-readme-stats">
  <img align="center" src="https://github-readme-stats.anuraghazra1.vercel.app/api?username=BrycensRanch&show_icons=true&line_height=27&include_all_commits=true" alt="My github stats" />
</a>

<!--
**BrycensRanch/BrycensRanch** is a ✨ _special_ ✨ repository because its `README.md` (this file) appears on your GitHub profile.

Here are some ideas to get you started:

- 🔭 I’m currently working on ...
- 🌱 I’m currently learning ...
- 👯 I’m looking to collaborate on ...
- 🤔 I’m looking for help with ...
- 💬 Ask me about ...
- 📫 How to reach me: ...
- 😄 Pronouns: ...
- ⚡ Fun fact: ...
-->

Commit message:

docs: Add my thoughts on commit signing

README.md, after:

# Hi there 👋, I'm Brycen

<br>
<img src="https://komarev.com/ghpvc/?username=BrycensRanch" alt="Brycen's Profile Views" />

I'm a teenager from Florida that **loves** programming and experiencing new things. Looking towards the future, starting the grind to become a Software Engineer. Learning full stack.

It all started from a simple Discord bot and me being a cheapskate, lol. Look at me now!

## Key fundamentals & thoughts

- All projects should have a README.md and be well documented.
- README-driven development is key to having a well-planned out project.
- `npm install` **never** killed anybody
- Any commit I spit out should be **signed** so you know who just committed untested code to the master branch!
- It's okay to break things! I learned this from being a Minecraft SMP server owner for a year, I was usually the reason the server was down. 😎
- I should probably learn test-driven development already...

<img src="https://res.cloudinary.com/practicaldev/image/fetch/s--OoBLh7-Q--/c_limit%2Cf_auto%2Cfl_progressive%2Cq_auto%2Cw_880/https://cdn-images-1.medium.com/max/1614/1%2A8BlqJ8lNVZzuRjAg1mZ50w.png" height="400"/>

<h4>Languages and tools</h4>
<p>
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/node.js%20-%2343853D.svg?&style=for-the-badge&logo=node.js&logoColor=white" alt="Node.js" />
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/javascript%20-%23323330.svg?&style=for-the-badge&logo=javascript&logoColor=%23F7DF1E" alt="JavaScript" />
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/typescript%20-%23323330.svg?&style=for-the-badge&logo=typescript&logoColor=#3467eb" alt="TypeScript" />
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/sqlite3%20-%23323330.svg?&style=for-the-badge&logo=sqlite&logoColor=#3467eb" alt="SQLite3" />
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Next.JS%20-%23323330.svg?&style=for-the-badge&logo=next.js&logoColor=#3467eb" alt="NextJS" />
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Prisma%20-%23323330.svg?&style=for-the-badge&logo=prisma&logoColor=#3467eb" alt="Prisma" />
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/bootstrap%20-%23323330.svg?&style=for-the-badge&logo=bootstrap" alt="Bootstrap" />
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/jquery%20-%23323330.svg?&style=for-the-badge&logo=jquery" alt="JQuery" />
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/css3%20-%23323330.svg?&style=for-the-badge&logo=css3" alt="CSS3" />
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/git%20-%23323330.svg?&style=for-the-badge&logo=git" alt="Git" />
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/github%20-%23323330.svg?&style=for-the-badge&logo=github" alt="GitHub" />
</p>

### I'm currently hoping to learn

- Java, Minecraft, IBM, and so much more...
- React Native/Flutter, I believe these technologies are amazing, and key to landing a job in Software Engineering.
- Tauri, so I can build cool desktop applications!

 I'm currently looking to collaborate with others looking to become Software Engineers, if you have any suggestions on how to find people just like me, [leave an issue](https://github.com/BrycensRanch/BrycensRanch/issues/new) on my GitHub repository.

### Certifications

- Currently, none! Unless you count the hour of code I did in Elementary. 🤣
- Trust me bro certified

<a href="https://github.com/anuraghazra/github-readme-stats">
  <img align="center" src="https://github-readme-stats.anuraghazra1.vercel.app/api?username=BrycensRanch&show_icons=true&line_height=27&include_all_commits=true" alt="My github stats" />
</a>

<!--
**BrycensRanch/BrycensRanch** is a ✨ _special_ ✨ repository because its `README.md` (this file) appears on your GitHub profile.

Here are some ideas to get you started:

- 🔭 I’m currently working on ...
- 🌱 I’m currently learning ...
- 👯 I’m looking to collaborate on ...
- 🤔 I’m looking for help with ...
- 💬 Ask me about ...
- 📫 How to reach me: ...
- 😄 Pronouns: ...
- ⚡ Fun fact: ...
-->
